Hello Everyone, today I will be reviewing the film Spirited Away by Hayou Miyazaki. I actually remember pretty clearly the first time I watched this film, and I've watched it many times since. In the early 2000s, I was probably in my early 10s, maybe close to a teenager, and my parents and I went to a video store. I was given the opporunity to pick out my own film for the night--for the weekend. And I stumbled across this film as I was wandering the aisles. The bright colorful case and background really stood out to me. I was around the age of the character from the movie, and obviously there was a dragon on the front, so. I was pretty interested in seeing what this movie had to offer. I had never watched a Hayou Miyazaki films before, so I did not quite know what to expect going in and I can say that I absolutely loved the film the first time I watched it and I have loved it every time since.

A little bit of background about the movie, a ten year old girl, Chihiro, her and her family are moving to the Japanese countryside. On the way on their move, they run across an abandoned theme part. Little did they know that this theme park was a tunnel to the spirit realm and her and her parents get trapped. She is enslaved and she has to work to free herself. Her name is stolen by an evil witch that owns a nearby bathhouse. She comes across a lot of different spirits, a lot of trials and tribulations while shes trying to free herself and her parents. What I really loved about the movie, aside from the beautiful backgrounds, beautiful color, and just the wonderful animation, was the story that it tries to tell. I mean, you have a young girl who is thrown in to trials, and she is forced to work her way to come of age, come to herself, to free herself and her family in a world surrounded by terrifying spirits. I thankfully at the time was not too scared, but I know younger individuals have watched it and have been a little scared of the movie because Miyazaki and his studio do an amazing job coming up with these crazy creatures in the film that frankly can be a little scary. She despite all this is able to work and free herself, she meets people along the way and it is a really great story and a really great film. I would truly recommend this movie to anyone who loves animation, who loves Japanese films, who just want to watch an awesomely animated movie. If you ever have any questions about it as well I would love to talk about it, or any other of Miyazaki's films like My Neighbor Totoro, or Howl's Moving caste or any others, I'm a really big fan of his films.